
Copyright Â© 2019-2020. Triad National Security, LLC. All rights reserved. This
program was produced under U.S. Government contract 89233218CNA000001 for Los
Alamos National Laboratory (LANL), which is operated by Triad National
Security, LLC for the U.S. Department of Energy/National Nuclear Security
Administration. All rights in the program are reserved by Triad National
Security, LLC, and the U.S. Department of Energy/National Nuclear Security
Administration. The US federal Government is granted for itself and others
acting on its behalf a nonexclusive, paid-up, irrevocable worldwide license in
this material to reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies to the
public, perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit others to do so.
The public may copy and use this information without charge, provided that
this Notice and any statement of authorship are reproduced on all copies.
Neither the Government nor Triad National Security, LLC makes any warranty,
express or implied, or assumes any liability or responsibility for the use of
this information. This program is covered by LA-UR-20-20057 and has been
approved for open source release from Triad by DoE 20-20057 under the terms of
the BSD 3-clause license, as below.  

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
   this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

This header defines the copyright for all of the functions, documentation and
copackaged files, whether or not it is explicitly incorporated into any or
all of them.

